Discovercars logo
EUR


US
English

Help
Manage booking
Log in
Terms and Conditions
1. General

1.1. Travel Drive GmbH, a Swiss-based corporation with the registration number: CHE-132.261.137 and legal address: Grafenauweg 8, 6300 Zug, Switzerland (hereinafter – the “Company”, “Travel Drive” or “we”) in collaboration with its affiliates offers www.discovercars.com and mobile application (hereinafter – the “Website”), its services, and services on partner sales platforms subject to the following terms and conditions (hereinafter – the “Terms and Conditions”).
1.2. Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using the Website or any of our services. Your use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions. By placing an order for the services provided by Travel Drive on the Website, you accept and are bound by the Terms and Conditions. If you are not purchasing any services from the Company, you still have to comply with the Terms and Conditions to use the Website in due manner. If you do not agree with these Terms and Conditions, you must not use this Website or any services provided by the Company.
1.3. If the meaning or consequences of the Terms and Conditions are not clear to you, it is strongly recommended that you contact the Company’s Customer Support team via the Help Center page which is available on the Website, in the My Booking / Manage Booking section of the Website (hereinafter – “My Booking section”) or through the confirmation e-mail to get additional information about the Terms and Conditions prior to accepting them.
1.4. Travel Drive provides travel arrangements and is one of the leading companies in its segment of the travel sector worldwide, serving customers interested in holidays involving car rental. Travel packages provided by Travel Drive, in addition to car rental, might include customer support and professional consultation on choosing the best holiday rental vehicle for the customer; consultation about the procedures for simpler booking, easier vehicle collection, and returning the vehicle; informational and tour guiding services (e.g., travel information about the destination and entry requirements, advice on sightseeing, restaurants, hotels, beaches, maps, etc.), concierge services related to travel destinations; “last-minute” cancellation services for the best travel experience with the Company; and other travel-related services (hereinafter - the “Travel Package Services”). The Company is acting in its own name in providing the Travel Package Services.
1.5. On the Website, you can select and book various Travel Package Services created and offered by the Company on its own behalf and containing multiple travel-related services that are either provided by the Company itself or in collaboration with a range of different service providers (e.g., the Company outsources the car rental component of the Travel Package Services to a wide network of car rental companies around the globe). The Company does not operate a car vehicle fleet and does not provide car rental services itself but arranges that these services are provided by the car rental company.
1.6. On the Website, the Company provides you with information regarding available Travel Package Services offerings (including car rental companies, types of cars, locations, reservation dates and times, rental terms, available tour guides, and concierge services (if any), etc.).
1.7. On the Website, the total price for the Travel Package Services offering is visible before choosing a payment method and entering payment information and represents the price for all Travel Package Service components provided by the Company altogether, including car rental and additional travel services (hereinafter - the “Travel Package Services Price”). You may be able to add additional travel services to the Travel Package Services before vehicle pick-up, subject to a corresponding additional payment.
1.8. By providing your personal and booking data,  choosing one of the offered payment methods, and accepting the Terms and Conditions, you submit a legally binding acceptance of the Company’s offer to enter into an agreement for the provision of Travel Package Services (hereinafter – the “Booking Agreement”) and become the client of the Company (hereinafter – the “Customer”).
1.9. The Booking Agreement is considered concluded upon the Company’s confirmation of the availability of the requested Travel Package Services via issuance of a confirmation voucher via email. The confirmation voucher includes Customer-specific details of the Travel Package Services to be provided by the Company to the Customer (hereinafter – the “Voucher”) and is an integral part of the Booking Agreement.
1.10. By issuing the Voucher, the Company confirms that the Travel Package Services have been arranged and that the Customer has the right to receive the selected services, collect the car, and sign the relevant documents with the car rental company.
1.11. During the booking process, funds in the amount calculated according to the “Payments” section of this Terms and Conditions and the payment type of the chosen Travel Package Services may be deducted from the Customer and transferred to the bank account of the Company or one of its affiliates.
1.12. The Customer must contact the Company’s Customer Support team about all inquiries related to the Travel Package Services to sort all possible misunderstandings, modifications, and issues, including if components of the Travel Package Services are at risk of not being properly provided for reasons not related to the Customer’s misuse, misbehavior, or noncompliance with the Terms and Conditions. Please read the Terms and Conditions fully prior to contacting the Company.
1.13. The Booking Agreement is valid until the end of the rental period specified in the Voucher, during which the Customer is entitled to utilize the Travel Package Services. Additional travel services provided as part of the Travel Package Services (e.g., customer support) may remain available beyond the rental period if specifically stated in the Terms and Conditions or the Travel Package Services details.
1.14. Any claims related to the Company’s role as the organizer of the Travel Package Services may be submitted within the claim period defined in the “Claims and Complaints” section of these Terms and Conditions.
1.15. The Booking Agreement can be canceled only in accordance with the conditions of this Booking Agreement or applicable laws.
2. BOOKING CREATION PROCESS

2.1. To make a booking, you shall choose the required Travel Package Services, which include car rental of a specific car class, rental conditions and additional travel services (e.g., Arrival Guide, Route Planner, Full Coverage, etc.). 
2.2. The booking does not guarantee a specific car make or model but a chosen class of a car unless it specifically mentions the specific car model and is marked as guaranteed by the car rental company. If the booked car class is available at pick-up time, it will be provided. In other cases, a car of the same or higher class will be provided. Infrequently, a car of an inferior class may be provided.
2.3. Pictures of cars shown on the Website are only informative. The actual rental car provided at pick-up may differ from the one in the picture.
2.4. It is your responsibility to carefully review all the information provided about the selected Travel Package Services as the car rental conditions of each car rental company may vary.
2.5. It is your responsibility to ensure that the driver’s age is within the car rental company’s specified age limits, as well as that all other driver requirements are met. The Company cannot be responsible if, upon picking up the car, any of the drivers do not meet the requirements of the car rental company.
2.6. Information regarding options and extras included in and excluded from the Travel Package Services Price is available on the Website under the sections “Rate Includes”, ”Rate Excludes”, and ”Optional Extras and Services”.
2.7. If additional extras, such as GPS devices, child seats, bicycle racks, the possibility to travel outside the pick-up country, the possibility to drop off the car in a location other than the pick-up location and/or the option to pick up the car in a place other than the rental office (hereinafter – the “Extras”), are needed, this can be requested during the booking or modification process on the Website or by contacting the Company’s Customer Support team.
2.8. By entering your personal and booking information, choosing a payment method from the available options, and agreeing to the Terms and Conditions, you make a legally binding acceptance of the Company's offer to enter into a contract for the provision of Travel Package Services (hereinafter – "Booking Agreement") and become the Company's client (hereinafter – the "Customer").
2.9. When a booking is made, the Company proceeds with confirmation of the availability of all components of the Travel Package Services requested by you, including obtaining confirmation of the availability of the car rental service component with the car rental company that is involved in the delivery of the Travel Package Services of the booking. Depending on various factors, the confirmation process can take up to 48 hours. If the start date of the rental period is 5 days or less from the booking date, the booking will be processed as a priority.
2.10. The Booking Agreement is deemed to be concluded once the Company confirms the availability of the requested Travel Package Services by sending a Voucher via email. This Voucher contains the Customer's specific details of the Travel Package Services to be provided by the Company. 
2.11. If a car rental component within the Travel Package Services is unavailable, a representative of the Company will contact the Customer to offer possible alternative options.
2.12. If there are no possible alternative bookings or the Customer does not accept them, the Company will cancel the booking and release the reserved funds from or proceed with a refund corresponding to the Travel Package Services Price to the Customer’s payment card or original payment method used. For more details, please refer to the “Right to withdraw, cancellation and refund policy” section.
2.13. The status of the booking made by the Customer can be viewed by going to the "My Booking" section.
3. PRICE AND PAYMENTS

3.1. The total price for the Travel Package Services is displayed on the Website before selecting a payment method and entering payment details. This price covers all components of the Travel Package Services provided by the Company, including car rental and any additional travel services or Travel Package Services Price. You may be able to add extra travel services to your package before vehicle pick-up, subject to additional payment.
3.2. In addition, the car rental company may offer the Customer Extras that can be booked on the Website. The Customer must pay for the chosen Extras to the Company or the car rental company at pick-up, depending on the nature of the Extras and the type of payment chosen by the Customer.
3.3. Extras that are purchased by the Customer from the car rental company directly at pick-up (regardless of being booked on the Website) are not included in the Travel Package Services Price. The Customer enters into such separate agreement exclusively in their own name and independently of the Booking Agreement.
3.4. The Travel Package Services Price is calculated based on the pick-up and drop-off dates and times confirmed at the time of the booking. Any changes to the pick-up and drop-off dates and times may result in a price adjustment as provided in the relevant sections of these Terms and Conditions.
3.5. The Company shall not be liable for any changes to the Travel Package Services Price occurring at pick-up of the rented car due to the Customer’s acceptance of any Extras. If the Customer extends the rental period after it has already started, the car rental company may charge the Customer for all expenses related to extending the rental period. The car rental company will use local rates effective at that time.
3.6. The Company shall not be liable for any additional charge made by the car rental company that is the result of the Customer violating the rules of using the car established by the car rental company.
3.7. Payments for the Travel Package Services are processed by the Company or by its affiliates (including but not limited to Car Rental Technologies – FZCO, UAE, with registration number in UAE: DSO-FZCO-17633, or Discover Car Hire AS, Latvia, with registration number in Latvia: 40103690968), as required for operational purposes or to comply with local regulations.
3.8. The Company may provide the Customer with one of the following types of payment for the Travel Package Services (hereinafter – the “Payment Types”):
3.8.1. The Company or its affiliates collect from the Customer part of the Travel Package Services Price as the prepayment when making a booking. The Customer pays the rest of the Travel Package Services Price, as well as for chosen Extras, directly to the car rental company when collecting the car at pick-up (hereinafter – the “Partial Prepayment Booking”).
3.8.2. The Company or its affiliates collect from the Customer the total Travel Package Services Price (hereinafter – the “Full Prepayment Booking”) as the prepayment when making a booking. The Customer pays for the chosen Extras directly to the car rental company when collecting the car at pick-up or directly to the Company.
3.8.3. The Company or its affiliates do not collect any payment from the Customer when the booking is made. The Customer pays the Travel Package Services Price, as well as for chosen Extras, directly to the car rental company when collecting the car at pick-up (hereinafter – the “Pay on Arrival Booking”).
3.9. The Payment Type available for the particular booking made by the Customer depends on the particular Travel Package Services.
3.10. Some Payment Types may require that the Customer pays part of or the total Travel Package Services Price directly to the car rental company. Regardless of how the payment is processed, the Company remains the Travel Package Services provider to the Customer as a principal in its own name, and the Customer consents that these Customer’s payments (even if paid directly to the car rental company) are considered as payments to the Company for Travel Package Services.
3.11. For the Payment Types that require that the Customer pays part of or the total Travel Package Services Price directly to the car rental company, the payment methods accepted by the car rental company may vary and may include credit cards, debit cards, and cash. Please note that some car rental companies only accept credit cards. It is the Customer’s sole responsibility to check the payment methods indicated in the “Rental Conditions” section within the specific Travel Package Services offering selected by the Customer on the Website.
3.12. The payment methods generally accepted by the Company on the Website are valid credit/debit cards, PayPal, ApplePay and GooglePay. Accepted payment methods may vary based on your location at the moment of booking and/or country of residence. Each payment method will require pre-authorization at the moment of booking.
3.13. For the convenience of the Customer, wording such as “cost of rental”, “Pay now” and “Pay at pick-up” may be used on the Website. The term “Pay now” refers to the part of the Travel Package Services Price that is paid at the moment of booking; the term “Pay at pick-up” refers to the part of the Travel Package Services Price that is paid to the car rental company at pick-up.
3.14. Payments for Extras chosen at pick-up are not withheld by the Company and are charged by the particular car rental company at that time.
3.15. A security deposit is held or withdrawn by the car rental company on or from the main driver’s credit card or other card accepted per the car rental company’s rental conditions (if any), or a cash deposit is taken by the car rental company, to cover the costs of possible insurance excess/deductible charges, traffic violations, toll charges, refueling costs, etc. If no traffic violation fines or any other costs are incurred, the security deposit held on the credit card lapses, usually within 3 weeks of the end of the rental period.
3.16. If multiple vehicles are rented by one Customer under several bookings with different main drivers, each main driver must present their own credit card for the security deposit.
3.17. The security deposit is not governed by the Booking Agreement and is not charged by the Company.
3.18. The Travel Package Services Price is set in the currency of the respective country of the pick-up location. There is an option to view informative prices in other currencies, and they will be shown converted based on the daily-updated currency exchange rate according to the foreign exchange reference rates published by the European Central Bank.
3.19. The main currencies in which payments on the Website can be made are euros (EUR), United States dollars (USD), Canadian dollars (CAD), British pounds (GBP), Australian dollars (AUD), New Zealand dollars (NZD), and Brazilian reais (BRL).
3.20. Payments to the car rental company (if applicable) must be made in the local currency of the country where the car is to be picked up. If this currency is different from the currency of the Customer’s credit card, the credit card company will perform the currency exchange at its established rate and may also charge the card a conversion fee. The Company is not responsible for discrepancies between the price shown on the Website and the amount for which the Customer’s credit card is charged if these discrepancies are due to the currency exchange rate used or the conversion fee applied or if the Customer has been provided with an upgrade of car class that increases the Travel Package Services Price from one that was initially booked.
3.21. The car rental company may request pre-authorization of the credit card for the amounts mentioned in Clauses 3.14 and 3.15 before allowing the Customer to pick up the car.
4. CAR RENTAL

4.1. The Company has a wide network of car rental companies that are engaged in fulfillment of the car rental component of the Travel Package Services. The Company does not operate a vehicle fleet or provide car rental services itself but arranges that these services are provided by the car rental company within the Travel Package.
4.2. Each car rental company has its own rental conditions for car pick-up and use. The main conditions of car rental companies regarding driver requirements, insurance, security deposit, payments, fuel policy, etc. are available in the “Rental Conditions” section on the Website at the moment of booking.
4.3. The Company provides the car rental company’s rental conditions on the Website to the Customer solely for informational purposes. The complete applicable rental conditions of the car rental company are available at pick-up. In the event of any discrepancy between the conditions displayed on the Website and those provided at pick-up, the conditions provided at pick-up shall prevail. The Company assumes no responsibility with regard to the Customer if the car rental company changes the rental conditions prior to or the time of pick-up, and this does not constitute grounds for refund or compensation from the Company. However, the Company will inform the Customer about changes in the rental conditions as soon as the Company becomes aware of such changes.
4.4. The Customer must read and be able to comply with the rental conditions of the particular car rental company, including but not limited to the payment methods, driver requirements, required documents, and operating hours of the rental company’s rental desk. The Company assumes no liability for any issues, denials, or additional charges arising from the Customer’s non-compliance with these conditions. Failure to adhere to the rental conditions does not constitute grounds for refund or compensation from the Company.
4.5. The Customer must sign all necessary documents (including the car rental agreement) that regulate acceptance and usage of the car with the car rental company at the time of picking up the booked car.
4.6. Obligations between the Customer and car rental company established upon pick-up are not governed by the Booking Agreement. By signing the car rental agreement, the Customer accepts all obligations, conditions, and charges set forth by the car rental company.
5. PICKING UP THE CAR

5.1. The Customer must hand over the Voucher to the car rental company engaged in the provision of the car rental component of the Travel Package Services when the Customer collects the vehicle.
5.2. The Customer must ensure that all of the following original documents (copies or digital versions are not acceptable) will be presented by the main driver when picking up the car:
5.2.1. printed or electronic Voucher (depending on the car rental company’s requirements);
5.2.2. main driver’s valid driver's license from the main driver’s country of residence. It must be valid in the country where the car is being rented and/or used;
5.2.3. main driver’s International Driving Permit. This may be required by some car rental companies as a supplement to the regular driver’s license; 
5.2.4. main driver’s valid passport or valid ID card (if accepted by the car rental company);
5.2.5. valid credit card or other card accepted per the car rental company’s rental conditions in the same name and surname as the driver's license of the main driver with enough available funds to cover the security deposit; and
5.2.6. other documents required by the car rental company and mentioned in the Voucher.
5.3. In cases where the Customer rents multiple vehicles simultaneously, the requirements of Clause 5.2 apply to each main driver. A single main driver is not permitted to pick up or rent more than one vehicle simultaneously (for the same time period) from the same car rental company. In case a car rental company becomes aware that the main driver has multiple bookings with them, the main driver may be denied the right to pick up the car under more than one booking. The Company shall not be liable for any damages, losses, or inconveniences incurred by the Customer if such a situation occurs and cannot provide any guarantees that booking with the Company will be executed.
5.4. When collecting a vehicle, the Customer may be required to make a payment depending on the selected Payment Type. Additionally, a security deposit may be required to be provided as per the car rental company’s terms. The security deposit amount and accepted payment methods vary by car rental company and are outlined in the rental conditions. For more information, please refer to the “Price and Payments” section.
5.5. The Company shall not be liable for any waiting time or delays at the car rental company's rental desk. Any such delays are the responsibility of the car rental company and are outside the scope of the Company's obligations.
5.6. If the vehicle offered by the car rental company upon pick-up does not match the class of vehicle booked by the Customer or if the Customer believes that the vehicle is not in roadworthy condition, the Customer must make a complaint to the car rental company immediately and, at the same time, notify the Company’s Customer Support team in order to fulfill their statutory duty to mitigate damage or arrange substitution of the vehicle or car rental company that is engaged in the delivery of the Travel Package Services.
5.7. The Customer must record any visible signs of use of or damage to the vehicle in a written inspection report when collecting the vehicle in order to rule out the possibility of the Customer being blamed for causing them.
6. RIGHT TO WITHDRAW, CANCELLATION AND REFUND POLICY

6.1. After entering into the Booking Agreement, the Customer has no right to withdraw from the Booking Agreement (unless specifically allowed by the Booking Agreement).
6.2. The Customer can cancel the booking and get a credit that can be used towards future bookings on the Website (hereinafter – the “Booking Credit”) up to 48 hours before the originally scheduled pick-up time through the “My Booking” section of the Website.
6.3. If cancellation is requested less than 48 hours before the originally scheduled pick-up time, only the cost of the Full Coverage (less any no-show fee as provided under the “No-show” section), if added within the Travel Package Services, will be provided in Booking Credit.
6.4. No refund will be issued if cancellation is requested after the originally scheduled time of pick-up indicated in the Voucher.
6.5. If the car is picked up from the car rental company any later or brought back any earlier than the pick-up and drop-off times indicated in the Voucher, no refund will be issued to the Customer for unused rental hours or days.
6.6. If the booking is made less than 48 hours before the pick-up time, it is non-refundable (Full Coverage, if added within the Travel Package Services, is refundable in the form of Booking Credit up until the pick-up time).
6.7. If the Customer does not intend to pick up the car (even if no refund is available), the Customer must notify the Company at once; otherwise, the Customer may be charged an additional no-show fee.
6.8. If a cancellation request is made to the car rental company and not to the Company, this Cancellation and Refund Policy will not be applicable and no refund will be issued by the Company.
6.9. The Booking Credit can be used for any payment made on our Website and can be used for one or multiple bookings. The Booking Credit can only be used to pay for the Company’s Travel Package Services and only for direct payments to the Company or its affiliates. The Booking Credit cannot be applied to payments made to the car rental company or for Extras at the pick-up location.
6.10. To use the Booking Credit, the Customer must use the same email address that was used for the original booking when providing Main Driver details for the new booking.
6.11. The Customer can see the amount of available Booking Credit by going to the “My Booking” section of the Website using the Customer’s original booking number and email address or by contacting the Company’s Customer Support team. The Customer can recover their original booking number by contacting the Company’s Customer Support team and asking for assistance.
6.12. The Booking Credit will be automatically applied to the new booking’s total amount payable on the Website.
6.13. If the payable amount for a new booking is less than the Customer’s available Booking Credit, the Customer will be able to use the leftover amount in the same manner for a future booking.
6.14. The Booking Credit will expire three (3) years after the Customer receives it.
6.15. The Company reserves the right to award extra Booking Credit to the Customer based on their loyalty to the Company and its services, for special events (public holidays, international events, etc.), on the Customer’s birthday, and in other circumstances at the Company's discretion. Such extra Booking Credit may be offered to both subscribed and non-subscribed Customers and may be subject to the Terms and Conditions or to the specific terms that we establish for particular extra Booking Credit (such as having an expiration date, type of rental it can be used for, etc.).
6.16. The Customer may request reimbursement in money of any leftover amount of what was originally paid for Travel Package Services up to one (1) year after receiving the Booking Credit. This does not apply to the extra Booking Credit added to the original amount paid in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.
6.17. In order to proceed with the refund, the Customer shall provide PayPal or bank account details, including the account holder's full name and full address, account number/IBAN, bank name and address, SWIFT code, and any other information needed to make an international wire transfer. If the Customer provides incorrect bank account details, a 50 EUR fee will be deducted from the refund amount for each repeated wire transfer made before the correct bank details are received.
6.18. For the purpose of refunds, the amount of Booking credit that was issued to the Customer at the earliest date will be deemed to have been used first.
6.19. Any refund due for a canceled booking that was paid for, either partially or fully, using Booking Credit shall be issued in the form of the Booking Credit.
6.20. The Company reserves the right not to grant Booking Credit or refund money for any transaction that is deemed to not have been made in good faith with the intention to rent a vehicle (e.g., transactions made for the financial benefit of the Customer).
6.21. The Company shall not refund any amounts paid and assumes no responsibility if the car rental company refuses to provide the car to the Customer in any of the following circumstances:
6.21.1. no-show as defined in the “No-Show” section;
6.21.2. unused days;
6.21.3. the Customer is going to use the car in violation of the terms of use established by the car rental company; or
6.21.4. there is a problem at the time of pick-up resulting in the Customer being denied the vehicle and the Customer does not reach out to the Company’s Customer Support team at that moment.
6.22. The Company does not refund any amounts paid if the Customer is unable to pick up the car due to force majeure circumstances, such as flight cancellations, natural disasters, pandemics, or other events beyond the Customer’s control. However, if the Customer informs the Company in a timely manner (upon becoming aware of the delay and prior to the scheduled pick-up time) and requests assistance, the Company will make reasonable efforts to contact the car rental company to accommodate a new pick-up time, subject to the company's policies and availability. In such cases, refunds or Booking Credit are not guaranteed and depend on the car rental company’s terms and any charges applied to the booking.
7. NO-SHOW

7.1. If the Customer fails to pick up the car at the confirmed time and date, it will be classified as a no-show. Each of the following situations is considered a no-show:
7.1.1. The Customer does not provide information to the Company about the cancellation of the booking 48 hours before the pick-up time and the Customer does not arrive in time at the pick-up location of the car rental company;
7.1.2. The Customer fails to provide the documentation required to pick up the car (specified in the rental conditions of each car rental company);
7.1.3. The Customer fails to provide an acceptable payment method and/or an acceptable form of security deposit to the car rental company upon pick-up, usually via a credit card issued in the main driver’s full name with enough available funds, no additional restrictions, and valid for the term required by the rental conditions of the car rental company. This requirement applies to each main driver in cases where the Customer rents multiple vehicles simultaneously;
7.1.4. The Customer has not passed the security, credit score check or blacklist check carried out by the car rental company at pick-up and has been denied a vehicle. The Company may not and need not be aware of the Customer’s credit score or blacklisted status with any car rental company. The Customer acknowledges that it is their responsibility to ensure that their status does not affect their ability to complete a booking, and the Company shall not be held liable for any consequences arising from the Customer being blacklisted by a car rental company; or
7.1.5. The Customer is denied the vehicle if they arrive at the pick-up location under the influence of alcohol or drugs, excessive fatigue, health issues, or other conditions that compromise the Customer’s ability to safely operate the vehicle, as determined by the car rental company’s policies.
7.2. In the event of a no-show, the Company may impose an additional no-show fee beyond the amount already paid by the Customer.
7.3. In the event of a no-show, the Travel Package Services for the Customer are canceled by the Company without a refund of the amount paid.
7.4. In cases where the no-show is caused by circumstances beyond the Customer’s reasonable control (e.g., flight delays or cancellations), the Customer must immediately inform the Company upon becoming aware of the delay. In such cases, the Company may, at its sole discretion, assist the Customer in arranging an alternative pick-up time or location provided that the car rental company can accommodate the new pick-up time under its internal policies. The Company is not liable if the car rental company cannot hold the car due to its internal policies or availability constraints.
8. MODIFICATIONS

8.1. The Customer can modify their booking preferences by submitting a request via the “My Booking” section of the Website no later than 48 hours before the pick-up time. Modification requests received less than 48 hours before the pick-up time will not be processed, and the Company is not responsible for any loss or damages suffered by the Customer in this case.
8.2. The modification service itself is free of charge, but any modification such as an amendment of the pick-up or drop-off location, car group, rental period, driver’s personal details, other details, or adding any additional travel service may affect the Travel Package Services Price causing it to differ from the Travel Package Services Price indicated in the initial confirmation Voucher.
8.3. Depending on the nature of the modifications and the payment type selected, the Customer may be required to pay the additional amount either to the Company at the time of modification or directly to the car rental company at the pick-up location.
8.4. If a booking date and/or time is modified less than 48 hours prior to the original pick-up time, no refund will be given for the costs of the Travel Package Services. However, the cost of the Full Coverage if added within the Travel Package Services (less any no-show fee as provided under the “No-show” section) will be provided in Booking Credit.
8.5. The Company cannot guarantee the processing of modifications. Any modification requested by the Customer will be considered accepted and shall come into effect only after a new Voucher is issued to the Customer. If the Company has not accepted the modification requested by the Customer, the conditions previously confirmed in the Booking Agreement apply. The Company is not responsible for any consequences if any modification is not accepted.
8.6. Any modifications (including extensions of the rental period or Extras, etc.) arranged directly between the Customer and the car rental company without the involvement of the Company are not governed by the Booking Agreement and are the sole responsibility of the Customer. The Company does not provide any guarantees, coverage, or assistance for such independently arranged services or agreements. Customers are advised to carefully review and confirm the terms and conditions of any direct agreements with the car rental company before proceeding.
9. TRAVEL PACKAGE SERVICES WITH FULL COVERAGE (COUNTRY-BASED AVAILABILITY)

9.1. The Customer can upgrade the Travel Package Services by adding Full Coverage into the Travel Package Services for the purpose of minimizing expenses that the Customer may incur in case of loss of or damage to the car.
9.2. Full Coverage reduces the Customer’s expenses for the amount charged by the car rental company in the event of damage to or theft of the car (subject to the restrictions in Clause 9.10). The maximum amount of the Customer’s expense compensation under Full Coverage is indicated on the Voucher.
9.3. Full Coverage is not a financial or insurance product, and the Company does not provide any insurance advice, consultation services or personalized insurance recommendations regarding the Full Coverage service. The Company may provide the Customer with information that might be needed to make an informed decision about rental and Full Coverage purchase.
9.4. Full Coverage does not replace a Collision Damage Waiver (hereinafter - the “CDW”). The Company shall not assume any responsibility if a CDW is not included in the rental price and the Customer fails to provide valid proof of their own CDW as required by the car rental company and mentioned in the Voucher.
9.5. Full Coverage is complementary in its nature, and it does not replace or modify any existing insurance policy that the Customer, the car rental company or the Company already has, and it does not provide any guarantees or warranties beyond those expressly stated in these Terms and Conditions. Full Coverage does not alter or replace any other insurance products independently procured by the Customer. The decision to select Full Coverage is voluntary and based on the Customer’s individual preferences and requirements.
9.6. Full Coverage can be added when making a booking and up to the scheduled pick-up time. The Customer can cancel Full Coverage for a refund that will be provided in Booking Credit no later than the pick-up time by contacting the Company’s Customer Support team.
9.7. In most cases, the Customer is required to leave a security deposit to cover all or part of the CDW deductible/excess, the theft waiver’s deductible/excess (where applicable), toll charges and/or fuel. Purchasing Full Coverage does not exempt the Customer from leaving a security deposit per the car rental company’s rental conditions.
9.8. Full Coverage applies to risks indicated on the Website at the moment of booking. These risks are also listed in the “My Booking” section on the Website and on the Voucher sent to the Customer. Full Coverage covers the following expenses (if supported by appropriate documentation) related to the rented car up to the limits stated in the Voucher:
9.8.1. Deductible/excess charge for damages caused by an accident or vandalism;
9.8.2. Deductible/excess charge for car theft;
9.8.3. Charges to repairs of the car’s body, undercarriage, roof, tires, wheels, windows, mirrors, lamps, locks, and hubcaps, including mechanical parts if the damage is caused by an accident or collision;
9.8.4. Vandalism-related damage;
9.8.5. Hit-and-run damage caused by an unidentified third party to the customer's vehicle (excluding cases where the customer is responsible for a hit-and-run, which is a traffic violation);
9.8.6. Towing expenses;
9.8.7. Roadside assistance costs;
9.8.8. Taxi expenses directly related to transportation from the place of the accident;
9.8.9. Costs directly related to losing the key(s) to or locking oneself out of the rented car (e.g., fees for a locksmith or delivery of a spare key);
9.8.10. Misfuelling-related costs, including draining the fuel tank and repairing any damage caused by incorrect fueling;
9.8.11. Administrative fees related to the time and effort required by the rental company to handle the necessary administrative processes associated with vehicle damage, such as customer service team costs (excluding other administrative fees, for example, for traffic violations, tolls, fuel, cleaning, or late returns);
9.8.12. Immobilization charges related to compensation owed to the rental company for lost earnings while the vehicle is out of service for repairs;
9.9. All authorized drivers specified in the rental agreement are covered under Full Coverage, provided that they meet the terms and conditions of the rental agreement and comply with local laws.
9.10. Full Coverage does not cover the following:
9.10.1. Extras;
9.10.2. Loss, damage or theft of personal possessions, valuables or rental vehicle documentation;
9.10.3. Damages that occurred while the Customer was not complying with the terms of the rental agreement or local laws (driving under the influence of alcohol/drugs, driving off-road, committing a traffic violation, etc.);
9.10.4. Hotel costs or other out-of-pocket expenses;
9.10.5. Cleaning costs;
9.10.6. Damage to the car’s interior or mechanical parts not caused by an accident or vandalism;
9.10.7. Bank fees or any differences in currency exchange rates;
9.10.8. Damages resulting from unforeseeable or uncontrollable events such as war, revolution, terrorism, strikes, or severe weather and natural disasters such as hail, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, etc.; 
9.10.9. Third-party damages; or
9.10.10. Losses and/or additional expenses related to a no-show.
9.11. In order to process a Full Coverage request, a request must be submitted through the “My Booking” page within 90 calendar days of the drop-off date or the date when the rented car broke down, was damaged, or was stolen. Electronic copies of the following documents must be provided:
9.11.1. The rental agreement that was signed when picking up the car;
9.11.2. The car rental company’s documented assessment of the car when it was picked up and when it was returned (checklist or pictures, where the rented car is identifiable);
9.11.3. Invoice(s) from the car rental company showing the Customer was charged the deductible/excess or a portion thereof and/or other fees;
9.11.4. The Customer’s credit card statement, bank statement, or receipt(s) showing payment of the above invoice(s);
9.11.5. The Customer’s PayPal or bank account details including the account holder's full name and address, account number/IBAN, bank name and address, SWIFT code, and any other information needed to make an international wire transfer (if the Customer provides incorrect bank account details, a 50 EUR fee will be deducted from the compensation amount for each repeated wire transfer made before the correct bank details are received);
9.11.6. A detailed description of the incident (including photographic and video evidence, if possible); and
9.11.7. A written police report (if applicable to the accident or if mandatory based on the rental agreement).
9.12. The list of documents provided in Clause 9.11 is not exhaustive, and in order to process Full Coverage, the Company may request additional documents if deemed necessary. 
9.13. It is the Customer’s responsibility to provide all the documents mentioned in Clause 9.11 to the Company.
9.14. If the Customer does not contact the Company or does not provide any documents or evidence within the time period specified in Clause 9.11, the case will not be considered.
9.15. Full Coverage applies exclusively to the rental period booked through the Company. Any extensions to the rental period arranged directly with the car rental company are not covered under the Company’s Full Coverage.
9.16. The Full Coverage investigation and refund process following receipt of a request may take up to 28 calendar days. If additional information is required, the refund process may be extended for another 28 calendar days.
9.17. In the event that the Customer has received compensation under the Company’s Full Coverage and becomes eligible for a future reimbursement by the car rental company (for example, it is determined that the Customer was not the “at fault” driver), the Full Coverage compensation amount received must be returned to the Company.
9.18. In the event of any fraudulent request or if any fraudulent means or information has been used to obtain any benefit under Full Coverage, the service shall become void, the amount paid shall be forfeited, and any benefits requested and received must be returned to the Company.
10. ROUTE PLANNER

10.1. As part of our commitment to enhancing the travel experience and to provide additional travel-related services within the Travel Package Services, the Company offers artificial intelligence (hereinafter- the “AI”)-generated route planners and itineraries (hereinafter – the "Route Planner") through the Website. These Route Planners are generated using advanced AI systems, which analyze factors such as Customer travel preferences, historical booking data, location, and available travel data to create a customized travel experience.
10.2. To generate the Route Planner, we collect and process certain personal information, including but not limited to your previous travel preferences, destinations, interests, and booking history. This data will be used exclusively for the purpose of creating and refining personalized travel itineraries and suggestions tailored to your individual needs.
10.3. By using our Route Planner, you consent to the processing of your personal and booking data as outlined in our Privacy Policy. You understand that your data will be used exclusively for enhancing the quality of the service and creating personalized recommendations. For more information on how we collect, process, and store your personal data, please refer to our Privacy Policy.
10.4. You have the option to refrain from using Route Planner. 
10.5. While our Route Planner is designed to provide the most relevant and personalized recommendations, they are based on algorithms that process available data. The Company does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, or suitability of the recommendations provided by the AI system. Travel conditions, availability of services, and external factors such as weather, local regulations, or closures may change and affect the validity of the itinerary. Customers are encouraged to verify all travel details before finalizing any bookings.
10.6. The Company shall not be held responsible for any inaccuracies, discrepancies, disruptions, damage or losses that may occur while using or relying on the Route Planner. This includes but is not limited to:
10.6.1. Changes to or cancellations of recommended activities, events, or bookings;
10.6.2. Discrepancies in travel routes or timings;
10.6.3. Errors or omissions in the travel information provided by the AI system;
10.6.4. Misdirection to potentially unsafe, high-risk, or restricted areas ("bad districts");
10.6.5. Tolls, fines, penalties, or additional charges, including but not limited to toll charges, congestion charges, parking fees, or unauthorized access to restricted zones;
10.6.6. Financial losses, missed opportunities, or business disruptions;
10.6.7. Emotional distress, psychological trauma, or inconvenience caused by unexpected detours, traffic delays, incorrect travel recommendations, or other unforeseen circumstances.
10.7. By using the Route Planner, you agree to accept full responsibility for verifying the information provided and making any necessary adjustments to your travel plans. The AI system is intended as a helpful tool and service, but it cannot account for every potential variable or change in circumstances.
10.8. The Company reserves the right to update or modify the Route Planner at any time without prior notice. These changes may affect the availability of certain features, or the recommendations provided by the AI system.  In case of discontinuation of the Route Planner, the Company will notify the Customers in a timely manner.
10.9. The Route Planner as a Travel Package Services component is available to the Customer until the end of the rental period according to the Booking Agreement.
11. ARRIVAL GUIDE

11.1. As a part of our comprehensive Travel Package Services, the Company may offer an arrival guide as an additional travel-related service within the Travel Package Services to enhance the Customer’s travel experience (hereinafter – “The Arrival Guide”). The Arrival Guide provides recommendations for the Customer’s chosen destination, including top attractions, dining spots, entertainment options, and local hidden gems. Arrival Guides are provided to the Company by its partner, and the Company is not responsible for the content of the Arrival Guides.
11.2. The Arrival Guide is location-specific and is based solely on the booking details related to the car rental destination. No personal data of the Customer, beyond the booking information (i.e., chosen car rental destination) is used or processed to provide the Arrival Guide. No personal data of the Customer is shared with the partner or stored for the purpose of this service.
11.3. The Arrival Guide is provided to the Customer in the portable document format (PDF) through the link available in the booking confirmation e-mail or “My Booking” section, provided that the Customer’s booking meets the following criteria:
11.3.1. the booking status is confirmed; and
11.3.2. there is an available Arrival Guide for the chosen destination and language.
11.4. Arrival Guides are ready-made and are available only for a limited number of destinations and languages. If there is no available Arrival Guide for the Customer’s chosen destination and language, no reference to the Arrival Guide will be included in the booking confirmation e-mail or the “My Booking” section.
11.5. The Arrival Guide is intended to provide recommendations based on general information available at the time of booking. The Company does not guarantee the availability of the listed activities, sights, or events, as circumstances such as changes in local conditions, weather, or opening hours may affect their accessibility. Customers are encouraged to verify the details of the recommended locations or activities before making any arrangements. The Company shall not be held responsible for any inaccuracies, discrepancies, or disruptions that may occur while using the Arrival Guide.
12. CLAIMS AND COMPLAINTS

12.1. Customer claims or complaints must be submitted within 90 days of dropping off the car. The Company will not process any complaints received after that period. Complaints can be submitted through the “My Booking” section of the Website or by postal mail to the Company’s legal address: Grafenauweg 8, Zug, Switzerland, 6300.
12.2. If the complaint is related to the car rental company’s responsibilities, it should be addressed directly to the car rental company and also to the Company. Upon receipt of the complaint, the Company will inform the Customer regarding the complaint’s resolution process.
12.3. Claims will be reviewed, and a decision will be made within 28 calendar days from the date the claims and all relevant information and documents for their resolution were received.
12.4. If within a period of 21 calendar days, there is no reply from the Customer to any of the Company’s emails, the case will be closed automatically without any resolution and/or compensation.
12.5. If you become aware that your personal data and/or payment method has been used to make a booking without your authorization, you must promptly notify the Company's Customer Support team for further assistance and resolution.
13. LIABILITY

13.1. In the event that the Company incurs expenses (charged to the Company by the car rental company or other third parties) related to the Customer’s misuse of the vehicle (damages to or loss of the vehicle, speeding fines, damages to other person’s property or health, etc.) while using the Travel Package Services and which are not covered by the amount of the security deposit, the Customer is obligated to compensate to the Company all abovementioned expenses. 
13.2. The Company is not responsible for any obligations deriving from any documents (including the car rental agreement) concluded directly between the Customer and the car rental company that regulate the acceptance and usage of the car with the car rental company.
13.3. The Company is not responsible for and is not under any obligation to verify wrongly entered or misspelled personal and/or booking information (including, but not limited to, email addresses, driver names, incorrect phone numbers, credit card numbers, etc.) nor for any consequences resulting from such.
13.4. The Company shall not be liable for any damages, losses, or inconveniences incurred by the Customer due to the car rental company’s failure to comply with the rental agreement and/or applicable laws. This includes, but is not limited to, cases of inadequate vehicle maintenance, mechanical failures, insufficient insurance coverage, or operational issues arising from the car rental company’s actions or omissions.
13.5. The blocking or withdrawing of security deposits is initiated by the particular car rental company under its Rental Conditions, not the Company. The Company assumes no responsibility in regard to the blocking/unblocking or withdrawing/refunding of funds of the abovementioned security deposits.
13.6. The Company has the right to transfer, delegate, outsource, and/or subcontract some or all of its rights, obligations, liabilities, and functions with authority to contract (including, but not limited to payment processing, documentation and invoicing operations, customer support, cancellation/modification functions, etc.) under the Booking Agreement or its part to its affiliates or any other party.
13.7. If it is necessary for the Company to modify the booking, these modifications may be made by the Company and the Company shall advise the Customer as soon as reasonably possible before the pick-up date, and if the proposed modifications are unacceptable, the Customer will be offered a full refund. However, in such circumstances, the Company shall not be liable for any indirect losses or damage the Customer may suffer as a result of such changes. Liability for direct losses or damages is excluded unless caused by the Company's negligence or willful misconduct.
14. TERMINATION

14.1. The Company reserves the right to suspend, discontinue, or terminate the provision of its services, in whole or in part, at its sole discretion, at any time, with prior notice via email and terminate the Booking Agreement unilaterally. This may include, but is not limited to, the withdrawal of specific services, the cessation of operations in certain regions, or the termination of the Company’s business activities, including the following events:
14.1.1. information or indications have been received concerning the insolvency, bankruptcy or similar status or financial difficulties, as well as illegal actions, of the particular car rental company;
14.1.2. error (technical or human) caused by the Company or car rental company if the provision of the Travel Package Services becomes impossible or exceedingly difficult due to the respective error; or
14.1.3. the Customer has not passed a security and blacklist check carried out by the car rental company or the Company before pick-up.
14.2. If the Company terminates the Booking Agreement, the Company shall repay the Customer the amount that was collected from the Customer by the Company. The Company shall not be liable for any other claims or complaints, including compensation for direct or indirect damages or losses or non-material losses, any costs and expenses of the Customer in connection with this Booking Agreement and termination of the Booking Agreement and conclusion of any new Booking Agreement due to the terminated agreement.
15. DATA PROTECTION

15.1. The Company, as the data controller, takes care that the personal data of Customers are processed according to the personal data protection requirements applicable in the European Union, including the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679. The Company ensures that the Customer’s personal data will be processed in accordance with the Company’s data processing purposes within the scope of the Services requested by the Customer. We process the Customer’s data:
15.1.1. in order to provide the Travel Package Services. The Company is entitled to process and send personal data, contact information (full name, date of birth, phone number, and email address), and booking-related information provided by the Customer to the car rental company in order to confirm the requested car rental service included in the Travel Package Services;
15.1.2. including the Customer’s email address, to send confirmation of the booking in the form of a Voucher, inform the Customer of their Booking Credit balance and its expiration date, and inform the Customer about significant changes in these Terms and Conditions or any of the Company's other policies;
15.1.3. including the Customer’s phone number, which will be used by the Company to clarify questions regarding the booking if they arise;
15.1.4. in order to provide the Service, the Company is entitled to process and send personal data, contact information, and booking-related information provided by the Customer to the Company’s affiliate parties.
15.2. Exhaustive information about our processing of your personal data, which personal data we collect and process, for what purposes we use it, how long we store it, and other information is specified in the Privacy Policy on the Website. Under the term “we” in this Clause, please consider the Company and all its affiliated entities, including but not limited to ones mentioned in these Terms and Conditions in Clause 3.7 and that are meant to mean DISCOVERCARS in mentionings on the Website.
15.3. The Website is allowed to be used to make travel-related (including car rental) arrangements. It is prohibited to use the Website for illegal purposes, namely, to make bookings that are speculative or false or to obtain data on car rental companies or their car rental offers. By accepting these Terms and Conditions, the Customer is obligated to use this Website only for its legal purpose.
16. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE

16.1. Unless specified otherwise, all rights associated with our Website, including technology, content, trademarks, and overall design, are owned by the Company, its affiliates or its licensors. By using the Website, you agree to use it solely for its intended purpose and in compliance with the provisions outlined in these Terms and Conditions.
16.2. You are prohibited from monitoring, copying, scraping, downloading, reproducing, or using any content from the Website for commercial purposes without obtaining written permission from the Company, its affiliates or its licensors. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights related to the Website's content are the exclusive property of the Company, its affiliates and/or its licensors and agree not to remove, alter, or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark, or other proprietary notices.
16.3. All content originating from the Website is provided to the Customer for personal use only. Customers are not permitted to reproduce, distribute, modify, or otherwise use the content of the Website for commercial purposes without prior written consent from the Company or its partner.
The content originating from the Website, including all text, images, logos, and design elements, is the intellectual property of the Company or its partners and is protected by applicable copyright laws and other intellectual property rights.
16.4. The content originating from the Website, including all text, images, logos, and design elements, is the intellectual property of the Company or its partners and is protected by applicable copyright laws and other intellectual property rights.
16.5. Provided you comply with these Terms and Conditions, the Company or its affiliates grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, and non-transferable license to: (i) download and use the mobile application on your personal device(s); and (ii) access and view content available on or through the Website that is accessible to you, solely for personal, non-commercial use.
16.6. Certain features and tools on our Website use AI, including generative AI. The Company may collaborate with third-party entities or utilize third-party models to develop and deliver these services. The Company processes any data you input and any generated data to provide our services, improve our products, ensure quality, troubleshooting, and for other purposes as outlined in these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. When partnering with third parties, we do not allow them to train their own models using personal or sensitive data provided to us, except in exceptional cases where the use case will undergo a thorough internal review and approval process. All information and content generated by these AI tools is provided "as-is" and "as-available." The Company makes no guarantees regarding the relevance, accuracy, or completeness of this content and is not liable for any damage or loss resulting from your use of or reliance on it.
17. AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

17.1. The Company may notify the Customer of amendments to the Terms and Conditions and the effective date of said amendments on the Website, and the Customer will have at least fourteen (14) days before the effective date to familiarize themselves with the amendments.
17.2. Any existing bookings will continue to be governed by the Terms and Conditions that applied when the booking was confirmed.
17.3. The Company may immediately amend the Terms and Conditions unilaterally, without notifying you thereof, if:
17.3.1. you do not have any active Booking Agreements with the Company;
17.3.2. the particular amendment is in your favor; or
17.3.3. some technical corrections are made therein. 
18. JURISDICTION / APPLICABLE LAW

18.1. The Booking Agreement and its integral parts (Terms and Conditions, the Voucher and email communication) are governed by the laws of Switzerland and will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Switzerland. The courts of general jurisdiction of Switzerland shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any claim or dispute that might arise out of or in connection with the Booking Agreement.
Updated: 14/03/2025
Discovercars logo
Company
Support
Partnership
World Travel Tech Awards - World's Best Car Rental Booking Website 2025
Magellan Awards Gold Winner 2025
TrustScore 4.6
255,737 reviews
PositiveSSL
Discovercars logo
© 2011 - 2026 DISCOVERCARS All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
